doc: drivers: wifi: Document nRF71 Wi-Fi firmware interface (#29908)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Wi-Fi drivers
-------------

> * Added the :ref:`nrf71_wifi_fw_if` page documenting the nRF71 Series Wi-Fi driver and firmware interface, and restructured the :ref:`wifi_drivers` page into separate nRF70 Series and nRF71 Series sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`nrf71_wifi_fw_if` page documenting the nRF71 Series Wi-Fi driver and firmware interface.

* Updated the :ref:`wifi_drivers` page by restructuring it into separate nRF70 Series and nRF71 Series sections.

```

Documentation
=============

> * Added the :ref:`nrf71_wifi_fw_if` page documenting the nRF71 Series Wi-Fi driver and firmware interface, and restructured the :ref:`wifi_drivers` page into separate nRF70 Series and nRF71 Series sections.

Author: Is this location fine? Or should I move to `Drivers` section? @richabp

Reviewer: This is driver doc so it will be better to move it to Driver section.
